---
title: 'UPDATES: June 12th, 2016'
date: 2016-06-12 12:00:00 Z
layout: post
comments: true
author: ex0dus
header-img: img/light-gray.jpg
---

Hey guys, it has been a while since I have posted, and I would really like to apologize for that. School has been quite busy for the past
month or so, and I barely had any time to do any posts and projects. Luckily, is ending soon, and I will be back to a schedule of active
posting and keeping you guys updated and stuff. Currently, as of today, there is only one more full day of school for me, but the following
two weeks will still be filled with other disclosed school-related events. Thank you everyone for your support, and I really hope to
continue writing more and more during the summer. You will be guarenteed to see more of me during then.

This morning, there was a mass shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando Florida. I am deeply sorry for the families of the victims. As a
hacktivist, this sort of news will spark public outrage, especially with the presidential election. Please understand that this is the work
of an individual, not an entire religion. Islam is **not** a terrorist religion. Especially during this period of time, where Muslims have
undergone fasting for Ramadan.

## UPDATES (June 12th, 2016)
*   **Total Posts:** 11 (including this one)
*   **Added currently being worked on story** Decentralized (under "Documentation")
*   **Newest Post:** Elementary OS: Replacement for Windows and OS X"
*   **Updates:** Rewrote site pages in Markdown
*   **Updates:** New PGP Key
