---
title: Updates
date: 2017-07-18 00:00:00 Z
layout: post
comments: true
author: Alan
---

Hello everyone! This is just a more personal post rather than something full-on
technical. It's just to give a quick run-down on what is going on during my summer
break, and what is going to be happening when I go back to school for my junior year.

This summer, I have been spending time at Cooper Union, one of the best engineering
colleges in the nation, taking and studying electrical engineering as well as digital
and computational logic. It has been a really great experience, and I hope to take some
of the knowledge I've made to future low-level programming posts I make! Other than that, I have also been running a cybersecurity nonprofit organization, [Intrusive](https://intrusive.tech). It's great for high-school and college students to meetup and discuss cybersecurity, as well as gain opportunities to hear professional advice from industry leaders! More information coming soon.

Each year ever since my inception into the programming world (it's been a whopping 6 years!), I gain more and more knowledge. I have seen the same progression in friends, family, and total strangers that I meet through meetups and hackathons. I am fortunate to live in an area where this can occur, and I have also decided to build a fun community for high school devs and hackers called __turingmachines__ (teaser for future posts!). While the site is still under active development, we hope to have a forum, a git server, and many other features to engage the community of student programmers and hackers!

Well, while these are some of my major endeavors, I have been doing a lot of open-sourced projects as well (1-day 1+ commit streaks!). These are always on the [hub](https://github.com/ex0dus-0x) and I encourage you to look at them and provide feedback, or make pull-requests / issues! These are great ways for me to learn out of frustrations in erroneous code, dependency clashes, and bad documentation! Here are a few cool ones that I have done.

* __byebye__ - deauthenticate users off of your local area network (Ruby)
* __fortissimOS__ - Rust and Assembly toy operating system
* __meseeks__ - Inspired by the @mee6 bot, a Rust Discord bot with fun features.
* Revamp of __pwnduino__

Projects I hope to do:

* Emulator/compiler the CHIP8 programming language
* Forensics framework for penetration testers
* ALU for 8-bit computer
* New CSS framework

Future Posts!

* Reconaissance and Threat-modeling in Penetration Testing
* More Metasploit
* EE stuff?
* Rust, Boost C++, Embedded Lua fun, etc.
* Low-level C, ASM and binary exploitation !!

Recommendations are always welcomed!